docs: Add API Reference section (#201)
safe-global/safe-docs: reference/safe-core-sdk/onramp-kit/README.md

# OnRamp Kit

The [Onramp kit](https://github.com/safe-global/account-abstraction-sdk/tree/main/packages/onramp-kit) allow users to access on-ramp services and use them with their Safe's.

> Users can use these services to buy crypto assets with credit cards or make SEPA transfers between their Safe and bank accounts (Monerium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These services can be used to buy crypto assets with credit cards or make SEPA transfers between their Safe and bank accounts (Monerium).
```

```typescript
const pack = new XXXPack(packConfig);
const safeOnRampKit = await SafeOnRampKit.init(pack, initOptions);
```

#### `static init(pack, safeOnRampInitOptions?)`

To create an instance of the [SafeOnRampKit](https://github.com/safe-global/safe-core-sdk/blob/main/packages/onramp-kit/src/SafeOnRampKit.ts), use the `init` static method and specify the desired pack.

```typescript
const safeOnRampKit = await SafeOnRampKit.init(pack, { safeSdk });
```

**Params**

- `pack` - The pack you want to use.
- `safeOnRampInitOptions?` - The required options for each pack. The init options are different for each pack so you should check the pack documentation.

**Returns**
The `SafeOnRampKit` instance enables you to call various methods using the pack.

**Caveats**
Before using the OnRamp Kit, ensure you call the `init` method.

#### `open(options?)`

The `open()` method initiates the interaction with the pack. It can create a widget (e.g. Stripe) or redirect to a website (e.g. Monerium).

After the `init` method, this is the first method you'll use.

```typescript
await safeOnRampKit.open(options?);
```

**Params**

> - `options?` - The options for the pack vary. Some require them, while others don't. Check the pack documentation for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `options?` - The options for the pack. For some packs they will be required, while others don't. Check the pack documentation for details.
```
